Keep A TODO LIST: (There is always lots of stuff TODO, so just do it ;)

Lazy? copy this file ($ wget -O TODO.txt keepatodo.com/TODO.txt )

  _  __                    _______ ____  _____   ____
 | |/ /                 /\|__   __/ __ \|  __ \ / __ \
 | ' / ___  ___ _ __   /  \  | | | |  | | |  | | |  | | ___ ___  _ __ ___
 |  < / _ \/ _ \ '_ \ / /\ \ | | | |  | | |  | | |  | |/ __/ _ \| '_ ` _ \
 | . \  __/  __/ |_) / ____ \| | | |__| | |__| | |__| | (__ (_) | | | | | |
 |_|\_\___|\___| .__/_/    \_\_|  \____/|_____/ \____(_)___\___/|_| |_| |_|
               | |
               |_|


TODO: [A](senrabc@gmail.com)20170531 @Story Create create_algdx.sql to create
  the schema for the table for the alogorithm

TODO: [A](senrabc@gmail.com)20170531 Add data to sqlite db


TODO: [A](senrabc@gmail.com)20171109

If you take a look at the factor analysis, it doesnâ€™t seem like naccudsd==3
is associated with many of the tests. It does seem like the tests are highly
associated with the subcategories of the nacctmci domains
(first factor analysis).




1. 1st part - Return to the diagnostic algorithm and take out
   mild/moderate MCI since we created that from our own guessing rather than
   an evidence-based process. Program the algorithm with the four categories
   of naccudsd only.

   naccudsd 4 categories:
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    1 = Normal cognition
    2 = Impaired not MCI
    3 = MCI
    4 = Dementia

2. Run the agreement between the original diagnosis and the consensus model
   with the four categories of naccudsd. Report this as the first step in the
   paper.

3. Report the factor analysis on naccudsd and the individuals neuropscyh tests
   in the paper.

4. 2nd part - Program the algorithm with naccudsd==1, ==2, and ==4. Instead of
   naccudsd==3, replace this with the nacctmci domains(we will discuss which),
   so that we can provide further specificity to the MCI types.

5. Run the agreement between the original diagnosis in NACC and now the
   improved diagnosis with MCI specificity.

6. Report the factor analysis supporting this move.

Once these steps are completed (including 2 steps likely related to CDR SOB
that are yet to be added), I believe we have completed the pilot algorithm
programming steps and the remainder will be statistical analysis.

Our original aims were:

Aim 1: To subclassify older adults into well-defined cognitive status
       entities, using a diagnostic algorithm which takes into account a
       combination of amnestic and non-amnestic neuropsychological tests
       scores and the assigned clinical dementia rating.

Aim 2: To explore the demographic characteristics, protective factors, and
       risk factors associated with cognitive status subtypes.

Aim 3: To explore rates of progression to mild cognitive impairment and
       dementia.

TODO:[](senrabc@gmail.com),20180201, Handle Classification of last 2925

Re: Out of 118343 visits, the eAlgdx is capable of classifying all but 2925.
This is a classification error ratio of .0026. I think thats pretty low,
meaning I think this data set can be analyzed. No if we want to work on the
2925, what I think you will see in the 2925 are visits are cases where the
normcog=0, nacctmci=8, and cdrsb 0-0.5. These variables are saying the person
is normal and impaired at the same time, yet is was not covered in our initial
model.

It sounds like the people that aren't classified 1) do not have normal
cognition 2) do not have MCI, and 3) have either no impairment or questionable
impairment with the CDR. I am thinking that these folks should be classified
as impaired not MCI, but is it possible to code them in two ways by creating
two eALGx columns -  (1) as an 8 or whatever number can indicate that they are
not classified (this is so we can explore their other characteristics
statistically when the whole database is merged) and 2) clone the elagx column
and classify them as impaired not MCI for complete classification with the
caveat that 2925 had to be classified manually or with an updated decision
tree? This will add some further depth to our exploration. We will then explore
each of these columns for further info.       
